Link the ParticleTable (#218)
lhcb/starterkit-lessons: first-analysis-steps/minimal-dv-job.md

More information the decay descriptor syntax can be found on the [LoKi decay
finders TWiki
page](https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LHCb/FAQ/LoKiNewDecayFinders).

> The complete list of allowed particle names can be found [here](https://gitlab.cern.ch/lhcb-conddb/DDDB/-/blob/master/param/ParticleTable.txt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The complete list of allowed particle names is defined in the detector description database (DDDB) which can be [browsed on GitLab](https://gitlab.cern.ch/lhcb-conddb/DDDB/-/blob/master/param/ParticleTable.txt).
```
